README.md, before:

Milestone 2 already done:
- Server >> Game class created on Server side 
- Server >> Character class created on Server side 
- added new RPC called ```getCharacterList```
- renamed getCharacterList function
- added RPCImpl::rpcGetTraitList()
- added RPCImpl::getTraitNames()
- added Character::getTraitNames() to support RPCImpl::getTraitNames()
- updated Game::setSourceList() to call Game::addCharacter()
- added RPCImpl::rpcQueryTrait()
- added new RPC called ```getTraitList```

- Finished implementing RPC QueryTrait
- Implemented Client::queryTrait() function
- Added Client::getQueryTraitName() function
- Added Client::getQueryTraitValue() function (Customized user questions based on traitName selected)
- Added Client::validateUserInput() function
- Added Client::formatAnswer() function to standardize "queryTrait message" to make this RPC easier to process
- Added Client::trim() function to trim leading and trailing zeros
- Edited Client::Main to ensure code is running with expected output
- Edited RPCImpl::rpcQueryTrait() function to be responsible for parsing "queryTrait" message
- Moved query checking to new function RPCImpl::queryTraitResponse()
- Added customized server response in RPCImpl::customizedReply() function

- Server: Cleanup up console output for server to group RPCs into logical text blocks in display window
- Client: Modified displayCharacterList() in ClientMain to display characters and traits as a table
- Client: Created a 2D vector to hold the trait values for each character.

Milestone 2 TO DO:
- This seems crucial...need to somehow transfer the traits for all character at the start of the game.  Right now, we're just returning lists
  of the character names and the trait categories, not the actual values of the traits for each character.  This is the basis for the player
  choosing characters so essential.  Sees like we should modify the rpcGetCharacterList to send the sourceList from RPCImpl, in text format somehow

- Eliminate Person -- consider no longer an RPC
  - (New design idea: Server does not need to know who have been eliminated. Client can just update its local copy by removing character names.)
  - Client >> Ask user who they want to eliminate, get input, update local copy

- Client Side
  - Display character list and associated traits after login and game creation

- RPC: Guess Name
  - ...


- Troubleshooting (as time allows)
  - clarify Client number discrepency between server and client (I suspect the socketID generated by the client and server is not identical)

Commit message:

Populated Active list table on Client side
- Added Client::getTraitValuesFromServer() function
- Added RPCImpl::rpcGetTraitValues() function
- Adjusted data types of a couple of fields in Game class, Character class, and Client.h to facilitate RPC process, key value retrieval, and printing.
- Updated README

README.md, after:

Milestone 2 already done:
- Server >> Game class created on Server side 
- Server >> Character class created on Server side 
- added new RPC called ```getCharacterList```
- renamed getCharacterList function
- added RPCImpl::rpcGetTraitList()
- added RPCImpl::getTraitNames()
- added Character::getTraitNames() to support RPCImpl::getTraitNames()
- updated Game::setSourceList() to call Game::addCharacter()
- added RPCImpl::rpcQueryTrait()
- added new RPC called ```getTraitList```


- Finished implementing RPC QueryTrait
- Implemented Client::queryTrait() function
- Added Client::getQueryTraitName() function
- Added Client::getQueryTraitValue() function (Customized user questions based on traitName selected)
- Added Client::validateUserInput() function
- Added Client::formatAnswer() function to standardize "queryTrait message" to make this RPC easier to process
- Added Client::trim() function to trim leading and trailing zeros
- Edited Client::Main to ensure code is running with expected output
- Edited RPCImpl::rpcQueryTrait() function to be responsible for parsing "queryTrait" message
- Moved query checking to new function RPCImpl::queryTraitResponse()
- Added customized server response in RPCImpl::customizedReply() function


- Server: Cleanup up console output for server to group RPCs into logical text blocks in display window
- Client: Modified displayCharacterList() in ClientMain to display characters and traits as a table
- Client: Created a 2D vector to hold the trait values for each character.


- Populated active list table on Client side
- Added Client::getTraitValuesFromServer() function
- Added RPCImpl::rpcGetTraitValues() function
- Adjusted data types of a couple of fields in Game class, Character class, and Client.h to facilitate RPC process, key value retrieval, and printing.

Milestone 2 TO DO:

- Eliminate Person -- consider no longer an RPC
  - (New design idea: Server does not need to know who have been eliminated. Client can just update its local copy by removing character names.)
  - Client >> Ask user who they want to eliminate, get input, update local copy
  - Client >> Based on user choice, eliminate entire row/rows of character name + traits from the active list 
  - Client >> Display the (shorter) table as needed

- RPC: Guess Name
  - Client >> Ask user who they want to guess
  - Client >> send guess to server 
  - Server >> process guess and send a response 
  - Server >> decide if player has made the correct guess 
  - Server >> update game state to "END" 
  

- Mutex application 
  - Server >> Create a map of <GameID, Game>, possibly in the Global context class 
  - Server >> Create two "GAME STATE": "IN-PROGRESS", "ENDED" (?)
  - Game class >> Possibly add a boolean "Game state" field in the Game class 
  - Server >> After a Game object is created, set "GAME STATE" to "IN-PROGRESS"
  - Server >> After a player has won, set "GAME STATE" to "ENDED"
  - Use mutex locker to ensure only one "GAME STATE" is updated at once

- Troubleshooting (as time allows)
  - clarify Client number discrepency between server and client (I suspect the socketID generated by the client and server is not identical)
